MC = main character

Menu (broken):
	Menu items are:
		opTionS
			change font size?
			any other game options
		moAr
			drop-down that reveals "creds" and "a boot"
		cReds
			credits
		a booT
			summons a boot that kicks away all the letters except for the capitalized ones (not actually capitalized in the game, this is just a representation for these notes)
	
	Need to drag and drop an S T A R and T to spell out START, to click that and start the game
	
	
Level 1: purely 2D
	At this point, essentially everything is broken:
		bad sound
		bad lighting/vision
			wireframe view, no colour
		can't jump
		no gravity for MC / bosses / objects
		
	Repaired this level:
		sound
		lighting/vision
		jumping
		gravity for MC
		2.5D axis
		
	area to right is blocked off by boss door, so can only go left
	
	go left, repair wireframe view
		get this automatically? Might be hard to figure out what to do, when seeing everything as wireframes
	
	"stairwell" section - map drops down a level, and there's also an overhanging upper level to jump to (except MC can't jump right now!)
		gravity is broken, so MC maintains same height and keeps walking left in mid-air
			repair gravity - MC falls into pit below
			
		there's a broken ladder/ramp down there - need to assemble the pieces and make ramp to go up and left
		
		walk up ramp:
			repair jumping
				boot schematic?
			
		can't go further left (there's a wall) - go back right, climb up stairwell on right
			NOTE: put a sign on the left wall that says "Sorry, there's no secrets here! For real. We promise. Go defeat the boss! (The ramp might help you!)"
				it can't be seen in the current 2D view, players can only read it if they come all the way back here after unlocking 2.5D and they rotate planes
		
		repair sound
			3D walkman schematic
		
		jump back up the stairwell to starting height, then jump up and left onto the overhanging upper level
	
	some classic platforming/jumping
		level collapsing, and need to repair it?
		can also just pull up the ramp from below, it has to be the exact right length/elevation so we can use it for the cart later
		at the end of this, jump down big ledge (no apparent way back up)
	
	repair first axis and unlock 2.5D mode
	
	have colour artefact hidden behind fake wall up here, visible from where 2.5D mode was unlocked?
		walked right past it in 2D mode because it looked like part of the background
		
	also have cart components and schematic hidden behind another fake wall
		assemble cart
		cart has sign on it "This cart is very heavy! So heavy it's affected by gravity even though other objects aren't! If you're not careful, it could hurt somebody!"
		
	walk back to big ledge, rotate to find a couple of blocks
		simple block puzzle, just arrange them all in both planes to make stairs up
	
	return back to starting area
		make it obvious to go back here, so players don't just get lost!
		maybe we can see the boss door in the distance from here?
		

Level 1 boss:
	by rotating planes, can see the "wall" blocking right of the starting area is actually just a door with no walls around it - MC can just walk around its
	Boss says something like "I have your weapon still, you can't hurt me!"?
	
	How to defeat:
		~~should involve rotating planes, possibly activating/moving lasers on both planes to corner/kill the boss?~~
		assemble the cart
		place the ladder ramp from earlier on the platforming blocks (offset from boss door)
		place cart on the ramp - it rolls down and hits the boss
	
	after boss fight, teleporting to space no longer makes sense if we want to use the environment/gravity to kill the last boss
		build(/repair) bridge out of boss parts to next area?
		
		
		
BRAINSTORMING SECTION
Level 1 puzzle brainstorm:
	~~interact with environment (i.e. flip switches)~~
	~~repair switches so that MC can flip them~~
	assemble things out of schematics to repair game mechanics
	move objects to reach platforms/ledges
	~~repair 2D cart to carry something somewhere~~	
	
	
2.5D puzzle brainstorm
	use similar puzzle mechanics from 2D, but add in plane-rotation as a requirement to solve puzzles
	can now see things hidden from 2D perspective (i.e. things hidden behind short wall sections that just looked like the background in 2D)
	
	
IGNORE THE FOLLOWING - limiting game to one level now
Level 2: 2.5 D
	Most basic functionality is returned to the game
	Sound evolves (added "dimension")
	Things still broken:
		gravity for objects/bosses
		
	Repaired this level:
		gravity for bosses (and objects?)
		slow fall for MC (i.e. an umbrella)?